feat: add multiple wallet connectors (#729)
FuelLabs/fuels-wallet: packages/docs/docs/dev/reference.mdx

#### Using provider to query node info

<CodeImport file="../../../sdk/src/tests/Fuel.test.ts" testCase="getProvider" />

#### Using provider on a fuels-ts Wallet

<CodeImport
  file="../../../sdk/src/tests/Fuel.test.ts"
  testCase="User getProvider on fuels-ts Wallet"
/>

### Listing connectors

To list all available connectors you can use the `listConnectors(): Array<FuelWalletConnector>` method.

<CodeImport
  file="../../../sdk/src/tests/FuelWalletConnectors.test.ts"
  testCase="listConnectors"
/>

### Has connector

> For checking if a connector is on the connectors list use `hasConnector(connectorName: string): boolean` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check if a connector is on the connectors list use the `hasConnector(connectorName: string): boolean` method.
```

<CodeImport
  file="../../../sdk/src/tests/FuelWalletConnectors.test.ts"
  testCase="hasConnector"
/>

### Selecting connector

For selecting a different Wallet Connector use the `async selectConnector(connectorName: string): Promise<boolean>` method.

> This method will check if the desired connector is install if not detect in 1 second it throws.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method will check if the desired connector is installed. If it is not detected in 1 second, the method throws an error.
```

<CodeImport
  file="../../../sdk/src/tests/FuelWalletConnectors.test.ts"
  testCase="selectConnector"
/>

### Add connector

For adding a Wallet Connector use the `addConnector(connector: FuelWalletConnector): boolean` method.
This method not triggers erros if the target Connector is not install.

<CodeImport
  file="../../../sdk/src/tests/FuelWalletConnectors.test.ts"
  testCase="addConnector"
/>

### Remove connector

> For removing a Wallet Connector use the `removeConnector(connectorName: string): boolean` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove a Wallet Connector use the `removeConnector(connectorName: string): boolean` method.
```

<CodeImport
  file="../../examples/events/CurrentAccount.tsx"
  commentBlock="eventCurrentAccount"
/>

### Network

This event is triggered when the client connects to a different network. The callback function receives the `network` object.

<CodeImport file="../../examples/events/Network.tsx" commentBlock="network" />

### CurrentConnector

> This event is triggered when the Current Connector is change. The callback function receives the `FuelWalletConnector` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event is triggered when the Current Connector is updated. The callback function receives the `FuelWalletConnector` object.
```
